Create demos for nature components (#666)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: toolkits/nature/packages/nature-sort-by/README.md

2. You can add the classname `u-js-hide` to the target on page render. Global Expander will remove this when the menu is opened. 
3. Global Expander will add the classname `is-open` to the trigger and `has-tethered` to the target when the menu has been opened. The component's styling utilises these.

## Template

> A configurable template can found in the [`view` folder](./view/sort-by.hbs). Example usage can be found in the `demo` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find a configurable template in the [`view` folder](./view/sort-by.hbs). You can see an example usage in the `demo` folder.
```
